---
layout: page
title: Privacy Policy
include_in_header: false
---

**Last updated**  
19 Jun 2023

# Privacy Policy

BeeMath values your privacy and is committed to protecting any information you provide while using our application. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information when you use the App. By accessing or using the App, you acknowledge and agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.

Information We Collect:

We do not collect any personal information, including but not limited to names, addresses, email addresses, or any other identifiable data from our users.

Usage Data:

We do not track or record any usage data or analytics that could be used to identify individual users. Any information generated by your use of the App remains anonymous and is used solely to improve the App's functionality and user experience.

Cookies:

The App does not use cookies or similar tracking technologies.

Third-Party Services:

The App does not integrate with any third-party services that may collect personal information.

Data Security:

We take reasonable measures to protect the information you provide through the App. However, please note that no method of transmission over the internet or electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Changes to the Privacy Policy:

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes will be effective upon posting the revised Privacy Policy on this page. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any updates.

Contact Us:

If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [contact email].

By using the BeeMath App, you acknowledge and agree to this Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that we do not own or control or to individuals that we do not employ or manage.